Crystal Space 3D SDK
http://www.crystalspace3d.org/

Complete instructions for building and installing Crystal Space are available
in the "Building and Installing" chapter of the Crystal Space manual, which can
be found in the source tree at CS/docs/html/manual/index.html, or online at:

http://www.crystalspace3d.org/docs/online/manual/

The especially impatient can follow the quick-start instructions below.  It is
strongly recommended, however, that you consult the much more detailed build
instructions in the manual, particularly if you are using Microsoft Windows.


Unix-like Platforms (including MacOS/X, GNU/Linux, BSD, Darwin, etc.)
===================

Crystal Space is built and installed in the same fashion as most other open
source projects using the following idiom:

% ./configure
% make
% sudo make install


Microsoft Windows
=================

Download and install the cs-win32libs support package. This is a convenience
package containing many of the 3rd-party supporting libraries utilized by
Crystal Space, and which are commonly already installed on Unix platforms, but
not on Microsoft Windows.

http://www.crystalspace3d.org/support/win32/cs-win32libs-x.xxry_yyy.exe

You will find versions of cs-win32libs for the stable release of Crystal Space,
as well as for the bleeding-edge developer version of Crystal Space.  Download
the package which has a version number (the `x.xx' in the example) which
corresponds to the version number of the Crystal Space package which you are
using.


MSVC / Visual-C++
-----------------

Navigate to one of the directories CS\mk\msvc7, CS\mk\msvc71, or CS\mk\msvc8,
depending upon your version of MSVC, and open the `wkstypical.sln' solution
file.  From the "Build" menu, invoke "Build Solution".


MinGW and Cygwin
----------------

MinGW users should also install the MSYS adjunct package (available from
http://www.mingw.org/), which provides a handy Unix-like shell environment and
other useful command-line utilities.

For MingW and Cygwin, after installing cs-win32libs (described above), open a
shell window, and then perform the typical Unix idiom for building and
installing:

% ./configure
% make
% make install
